Love Is All
Episode 03
Tan Lingyin nailed the position of adviser
Zhou Zhengdao got into the Office as a spy
Where are you going?
Arrest him.
Help! Help!
I'm exhausted.
What do we do next?
Just...
wait for it.
Let's get back first.
Let's go.
Don't move.
Help!
Release Adviser.
Officer Zheng.
Let's go. Let's go.
Go, go. Hurry.
W-What happened to your face?
My face?
What are you guys doing?
Adviser Tan.
If you want to be the head girl of Tian Xiang Club,
you can resign to Magistrate Tang.
It's a mistake. A mistake.
I'm leaving. See you in the County Office.
Let's go.
Stop!
In the future,
I'll be careful with my words and deeds,
and won't make a mistake.
If I make a mistake, one demerit point penalty.
If I make a mistake again, one serious demerit point penalty.
If I make it again and again,
one super serious demerit point penalty.
It's so insincere.
How is that possible, Magistrate?
I wrote every character with my heart and soul.
My guilt is shown in each character.
I have work to do.
I'll come back and repent to you later.
Come back.
If you make a mistake,
one demerit point penalty,
50-tael deduction in your pay.
Three penalty points, you'll be fired.
No way.
If you fire me,
who's gonna protect you?
You want to protect me with such a low IQ?
You just care about yourself, you don't care about me.
I was sold to Tian Xiang Club.
You're a lady.
How can you sit on the ground?
I just want to get a job.
Can you stop crying?
No.
Unless...
Unless what?
Unless you promise to never drive me out.
In your dreams.
Why am I so miserable?
Adviser, please respect yourself.
Magistrate.
Officer Zheng brought someone.
I'm so miserable.
My god.
Go and wash my clothes.
You keep crying.
Don't stop without my permission.
I'm so miserable.
Let's go.
Yes.
I'm not that obedient.
Why does he look so familiar?
Who recommended him?
If I'm recommended by someone,
how will I come to this remote... town?
There are more people than official positions.
I'm an honest man.
I don't want to waste money on buying a position.
I've waited for so many years
without a right one for me.
I heard no one wants to come to Tongling.
So I got this chance.
It's true.
You'll be a colleague of us.
There are many empty rooms.
Find one with good sunlight,
and settle there.
It's not urgent.
May I know where the name list of county officials
and the unsolved case files are stored?
I can go and have some paperwork prepared.
Personnel?
A-All here.
Just three?
The adviser went out.
If everything goes as planned,
all here.
Officer Zheng. Why are you following me?
It's hard to see a face that is comparable to
Magistrate Tang in this County Office.
It won't do you any harm just for some simple glances.
Besides, you got a manly figure and a girly face.
You must be a blessed one in the future.
Brother Zhou, what's wrong with you?
Why is your face so red all of a sudden?
I must warn you.
Tongling has a lot of game,
but also a lot of poison.
You need to be careful with that.
Thank you, Officer Zheng. I'm a vegetarian.
Tongling is a dangerous place.
Officer Zheng is refering to the death of Sang Jie?
More than that.
Tongling
is also a hot spot covered with gold.
It's all rumors. It can't be trusted.
So, you don't want gold?
Illegal gains are not desirable.
If I happen to get it,
I'll confiscate that.
You, do your job well.
On your knees.
Isn't this my Tian Xiang Club co-partner.,
Magistrate Tang?
Where's the head girl of Tian Xiang Club?
Zhang Zhiyuan.
You collude with officials. Force girls into prostitutes.
Bully people everywhere.
Do you admit to the charges?
I act cautiously and obediently.
Your Honor. Why do you use such charges
to slander me?
Do you disagree with the 3:7 ratio?
Bring Yun'er up here.
Wait... You're...
You're Yun'er?
Then... that's right.
That...
Yun'er, Have no fear. Magistrate Tang will help you.
Tell us everything.
Your Honor, we've paid the money back.
But he didn't admit it.
and forced me to pay the debt in Tian Xiang Club.
All neighbors know about it.
You've paid?
A receipt without the seal of Tian Xiang Club
You said you've paid it back?
I'm telling you. Don't use your poverty
as a reason to say those shitty words.
Your Honor.
That receipt was surely sealed.
But...
But what?
Now you have no human nor physical evidence.
Your Honor, you can't slander me.
Nothing's changed.
I'm sorry. This brother,
we haven't met, have we?
I heard County Office has a female adviser.
I thought she must be brilliant.
I didn't expect her to be
a rude and careless girl.
Who did you say is rude?
We just met for the first time.
How can you denigrate people like that?
Who exactly are you?
I'm Zhou Zhengdao, Tongling County Magistrate's assistant.
She must be sent by Tang Feilong.
It's gone. I got it.
Magistrate, why didn't start the trial without me?
I'm telling you, I have proof
for his con and and illegal usury.
The account book is here.
Where did you get that?
You're pretty good at hiding things.
You wrapped account book in waterproof wrap.
and dropped it into a well in the backyard.
A well, if not used as a source of water,
must have something wrong. Am I right?
That's right.
Besides,
your eyes and behavior gave you out.
The novel reads like this
if one cares about something,
in time of emergency,
he'll go to that thing he thinks is most valuable.
After Magistrate Tang turned you down,
you went straight to the backyard.
Am I right?
Adviser Tan, we're here to try.
Why are you talking about novels?
I... I... I...
An old habit.
Now human and physical evidence are all here.
It's time to confess.
Your Honor, you're a member of Tian Xiang Club.
What will happen to you, if I'm guilty?
What do you mean? You committed a crime,
and you want to drag Magistrate Tang into it?
As a county magistrate, you should be honest.
See this carefully.
There's your seal on it.
A proof with sealed contract.
Your Honor, you can't deny this.
Seal?
Where's the seal?
Do you see that/
No?
It really doesn't have a seal.
But... But what I gave you is clearly...
Manager Zhang tampered with this sealing wax.
This sealing wax is made of special red powder,
potions and distillers grains.
Under the wind and sunlight,
it will disappear without a trace.
That's how you con the public for money.
Then why is this one...
That day,
when I went to his room to search for clues,
I found these two boxes of sealing wax.
I was in a hurry, so I misplaced them.
Adviser Tan, good job.
You cunning cheater.
Now you've shot yourself in the foot.
You've conned the whole citizens
of Tongling County for a total of 1,500 taels.
You Honor.
All of them have receipts with the disappeared seals.
The evidence is now solid. Punish him.
Someone put him in jail.
Take him down.
Yes.
Court is adjourned.
Thank you, Your Honor.
I've done a great job.
Looks like you really knew you were wrong this time.
Do you think this time
I've make up for the mistake?
But are you still going to be an adviser?
That's something I've decided upon.
How could I give it up so easily?
Besides, in this world
women are not as good as men.
But it's okay.
I believe that as long as I work hard enough,
I can be as good as a man.
A big head.
What big head?
It's all up to me to turn him down this time.
If you hadn't messed with it,
there's no need for the trial.
I got rid of an evil.
I've made up for the mistake, right?
Without me,
you're an accomplice of that thief now.
Don't you have the tiniest bit of
gratitude to me?
Not at all?
You're impulsive and don't think about the consequences.
Overly ambitious and act only for quick success and profit.
With your attitude,
how do you work in the County Office?
If I hadn't found the account book in the well,
what are you gonna do now?
Have you ever thought about
why there was no water in the well that day?
That's because they can't soak the account book.
That's because the day before,
I asked Officer Zheng to cut through the shaft wall.
and drained the well.
Do you think
you're the smartest one here,
and we're all idiots?
Then... the secret of the sealing wax
is found out by me.
Just pure luck.
Can it be used as something to ask for a reward?
Alright.
Then I'll pack my stuff and leave.
I'm leaving.
You...
It's alright.
If you don't want me here, others will do.
No one's gonna stop me.
I, Tan Lingyin,
have done so many good deeds,
but no one remembers me.
I'm really leaving.
I have to leave here today.
I have to get out of here today.
I'm leaving. I'm really leaving.
Fine.
Just this once.
If there's another mistake, you're fired right away.
Really?
I don't need to go.
Hurry up and thank Flygon.
Zheng Shaofeng!
You control the situation.
I won't get into that.
I'm leaving.
How can you leave? Xiaoliu! Dawang!
You're the best magistrate in the world.
Why is it sealed?
I have no idea.
Did he offend someone?
No.
Officer.
I... What?
Stop, stop.
What should we do, sir?
I'm already married.
I'm not married.
Officer.
Officer. Officer.
Did Magistrate Tang find out everything about Zhang?
What? Anything else to report?
No, I'm just asking.
Zhang Zhiyuan is the mastermind,
and you guys are forced to live here and persecuted by him.
So Magistrate decided to let you go.
But you have to behave.
Don't ask what you shouldn't.
Let's leave here.
We need to book a private room at Zui Xian Club
Let's go.
Officer.
Don't go.
Goodbye.
Remember me.
Let's go.
What should we do in the future?
What do you want to see me for?
You have an adviser.
Can't you just give me a few days off?
Look at this.
What kind of means is this?
The handwriting can be erased?
You're stupid enough.
Even if it can be erased,
it'll leave a mark.
This is clearly an empty account book.
Try to recall your memory.
When you sneaked into Tian Xiang Club,
were you caught by anyone?
You mean,
someone changed the account book?
Is that Zhang Zhiyuan?
I don't think it's Zhang Zhiyuan.
If it's him,
he'll ask for a look on the spot.
But that's enough to prove
Adviser Tan is innocent.
Otherwise,
how could she use a fake one to confront him?
You suspect she's in collusion with Zhang Zhiyuan?
Now this clearly proves that she is good.
I don't think so. There are only two possibilities.
One, Adviser Tan is extremely smart.
And she set up a trap
to lure us in.
Use the account book
to gain our trust.
Or
she's a real idiot.
From my point of view,
your bark is worse than your bite.
If you don't care about Adviser Tan,
why did you make me work so hard yesterday
and went down the well to help her?
You still want her to stay.
Oh, right.
Did Assistant Zhou take office today?
Yeah, she came early in the morning.
You and I just arrived at Tongling.
There are two new comers around us.
Find out their background.
Your want to look into everything.
I should look into you first.
In this County Office,
the only one with a secret is you.
Between people,
can't there be more trust?
Okay.
I'll go check them.
And
Xiaoliu has booked a private room
for me in Zui Xian Club.
What?
You're going to set up a Hongmen banquet?
Drink.
Come on.
Cheers.
Adviser did a good job this time.
It's just this account book.
has a lot of mysteries.
It was quite interesting.
What mysteries does it have?
I was in a hurry yesterday.
I didn't even have time to look at it.
I've done another great job, right?
With Sang Jie's help, Zhang Zhiyuan
made a lot of dirty money from Tian Xiang Club.
It's all recorded in this account book.
But there's a huge amount of income,
I can't figure it out.
And this income is not in silver.
But...
Gold?
Adviser knows it well.
Can you explain it to me?
In our Tongling county,
why is there such a big gold income?
It's not difficult at all.
When Sang Jie illegally mined the gold,
Zhang Zhiyuan must have got a share.
Then what should we do?
I've waited for so many years
to get this job as a magistrate assistant.
Why do I have such a big case
right after I taking office?
Magistrate, what am I supposed to do?
Why do you care about your career now?
Our top priority is
to find the gold.
Finally, there's a clue.
Why is this blank?
Didn't you say this has something to do with Sang Jie?
Yeah, or else how could I know that
you have such an interest in the gold case?
Am I right? Assistant Zhou.
I just took office yesterday.
About Tian Xiang Club,
I-I have no idea.
You have no idea?
The County Office
only has two new comers.
Did this account book
fly away all by itself?
What do you mean?
You mean I changed this book?
Can you think with your brain?
If I knew it was blank,
do I dare to confront Zhang Zhiyuan with it?
Maybe you thought about it in advance,
and play it out in front of us.
Are you crazy?
If I were so smart,
would you get the chance to be a county magistrate?
Impudence!
I'm being honest.
Okay, then let's wait and see.
It's less then four hours since Zhang Zhiyuan
received the sentence.
And you two
never have got out of my sight.
It's not clear now that
which of you changed it.
But tonight, even if Zheng Shaofeng
has to dig the ground for three feet tonight,
I'll have him find the real account book for me.
Get in here.
Magistrate, please spare my life.
I'm wronged.
The madam of Tian Xiang Club
was eavesdropping by the door.
What do you want?
I'm just afraid that
Zhang Zhiyuan would turn me in.
So I came over and have a look.
See what Magistrate Tang has found out.
What exactly was between you and Zhang Zhiyuan?
In addition to running Tian Xiang Club, he's also
a human trafficker.
I just helped him find the girls.
I didn't do anything else.
The large sum was taken by him.
It was recorded clearly on the book.
Where's the book?
Magistrate Tang, I have the account book.
I was stupid.
I accidentally saw Officer Zhengd drilling the well that day
I'm afraid that it might be found out.
and drag me into it.
So I hid account book.
Now I see it.
Magistrate Tang,
you're really smart.
Zheng Shaofeng, take her down.
Go get the real account book.
Yes.
Go.
Don't you have anything to say to me?
You two,
take her back first.
I'll stay here.
Okay, don't worry.
Yes.
Go.
Now you know where account book is.
Why don't you tell Zheng Shaofeng to pick it up,
but ask me to do it?
What do you think?
Do you like me?
And you want to help me solve the case,
and to get rewarded for my good deeds?
Why are you always overly confident?
Why are you helping me?
If you were a mole in the County Office,
how would you deal with these books?
I will hide them or destroy the evidence.
You're still testing me?
If that madam hadn't told the truth,
would you frame me for that?
That's because what you did
were so suspicious.
I just want to find Sang Jie's gold soon,
to get promoted and awarded a title.
Forget it.
You don't have such potential.
Don't you look down upon me.
I'm sure I can take one step at a time,
and impress others.
I want to go back to the capital.
Why do you want to go there?
For Tang Tianyuan?
Do you know him?
I can't reach him.
That's for sure.
He's completely different from you.
He's super smart.
He surely won't wrong me for this.
It's just that if all the girls
do what you did to him,
he's kind of miserable.
What's wrong with me?
I'm fearless and valiant.
Intelligent and quick-witted.
You're...
shameless.
I don't care.
How's it going?
I've searched Tang's
and Cheng's rooms.
I found nothing.
What about the madam?
Speaking of which, it pissed me off.
The madam sent her daughter to seduce me.
Fortunately, I'm determined.
I almost fell.
Almost?
Almost.
Here you go. I've checked.
The madam did steal it.
She also said she worked for Zhang Zhiyuan.
This book clearly said
he's done a lot of human trafficking.
This Zhang Zhiyuan
was in collusion with Sang Jie,
But in the gold case,
the account is clear without omission.
I think Zhang Zhiyuan should be innocent.
Now you must believe
your adviser and assistant
are innocent, right?
Don't doubt people all the time.
We're all family.
Domestic thieves are the hardest to defend.
Although this time, we found everything out.
But in the future, we still need to
be extra careful.
You can leave.
Account book's checked.
It's not related to Sang Jie's illegal gold mining.
No trace's left, please be assured.
What are you doing in my room?
He wrote about Tang Feilong, not you.
Why are you so nervous?
Book of Changes says
flying dragon is up in the sky.
Isn't Tang Feilong referring to Tang Tianyuan?
A swine over fat is the cause of his own bane.
Don't rip it apart.
Here's the thing.
Miaomiaosheng portrays Tang Feilong as
an extravagant man that cares about only parties and drinks.
But girls just like the stories of
such an affectionate seducer
giving all his love to one girl.
Why do you think might be the reason?
It's love. It's love.
Sis, lately someone purchased books with gold.
Really?
So rich.
You remember the guest?
She's a girl.
Based on the purity of these two pieces,
they're likely to be mined.
It's not refined yet.
It's from Mount Tianmu.
Isn't Mount Tianmu blocked
because it's haunted?
You don't know Mount Tianmu has a gold mine?
So if they want to mine gold illegally,
of course they won't allow others in.
The haunted thing is just an excuse.
Illegal gold mining?
That's a felony. It'll get people beheaded.
His Majesty asked you to check this case.
Why did he do that?
Just for the cause of Sang Jie's death?
It's not that simple.
If this gold mining is real,
who's the mastermind?
How many people know about the gold?
Where is the gold hidden?
And the most important point,
how many corrupted officials are involved?
These are all unsolved mysteries.
The former county magistrate blocked the mountain
with ghost stories,
and then died on the way to trial in the capital.
I'm sure he's involved in the
illegal gold mining case.
Magistrate won't let me see the file.
I can sneak in there on my own.
Case file. Case file.
Where did Tang Feilong hide Sang Jie's case file?
What are you looking for?
Sang Jie's case file. What else can I...
What are you doing here in the middle of the night?
I'm not Tan Lingyin.
It's the middle of the night.
What are you doing in my study?
I think the wind is so strong,
and you opened your door.
So I came to close the door.
It's also because of the strong wind
that these files were scattered onto the ground?
Nonsense.
If you don't tell me the truth today,
leave the County Office right away.
- No. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. - Say it.
I was...
I was doing this for you.
Everyone says that Tongling has
a charming man that will make all other men's life miserable.
Ever since I saw you,
I can't eat well.
Nor can I sleep well.
My mind is full of you.
So I came in the middle of the night.
Nonsense.
Are you not confident about
your own appearance?
I don't believe in what you said.
Adviser, please respect yourself.
Now you can believe me, right?
Can you... Can you
stay... stay away from me?
You...
Got it.
Excuse me.
Wait, wait.
I-I'm not gay.
Right. Right.
You.
I wore this makeup because I'm too pretty.
It's late at night.
It's not that safe for me to be so pretty.
Isn't this cute?
How do you explain you want to steal case files?
Let me tell you the truth.
Sang Jie caused so much trouble in Tongling.
Although I am an ordinary citizen,
I'm also outraged.
I know that's also why you're here, right?
I'm willing to defend justice with you.
Tan Mulan.
Of course, I'm hot-blooded.
I know you won't make me an adviser.
So I came to see what I can find from the case file,
to show you a different me.
Then what can you do?
I can do a lot.
I know astronomy, geography
zheng, chess, calligraphy and painting.
Is that a surprise? Are you impressed?
Please help me close the door from the outside.
You don't want me as an adiver?
If you want to step down early,
come and tell me anytime.
Magistrate, you don't even know how miserable my life is.
I came to Tongling with Qingchen.
Every... Every day we eat
steamed buns with pickles.
Is that because your family was in decline?
so you're forced to come to Tongling?
If I say...
I have a family I can't go back, do you believe me?
I don't believe you.
Then I have nothing to say.
You have work to do tomorrow.
Go back to bed early.
Oh, right.
Wash your face before you go out.
Don't scare anyone.
Wash it in your room?
You can go home like this.
Pyrus
Look at that.
Why are you bringing so much stuff this time?
My lord and my ladyship said
my lord you come to Tongling for work this time,
and can't go back to the capital for days.
They asked us to serve my lord here.
Leave the books and daily necessities.
Take the rest way.
I can't use that much.
We didn't bring anything unnecessary.
It's just that my ladyship instructed
we need to bring this old jar,
to make soup for you, my lord.
Then you two know
what my identity is this time?
Of course.
You're the parental officer of Tongling County, Tang...
Feilong.
Magistrate Tang Feilong.
Zucchini, a little higher.
A little higher.
Coming.
How can an adviser shout like this?
Muskmelon. Pyrus.
Take this thing apart for me today.
Is she the female adviser?
But...
it took a lot of effort to put it up.
Magistrate, you just turn a blind eye on it.
She's surely a country woman.
That's who you are.
I'm asking you one last time.
Are you coming down or not?
I am not.
- Zucchini. - Okay.
Come on.
Coming.
Let go. Let go.
I'll break down the swing right away.
Keep it.
You're all bullying me.
Sister Linying. You see that girl?
She's the one that used gold
to buy half of the books in the store.
She's so rich.
Really?
Of course.
Zhuang, why don't you get back to your work?
Okay.
This lady.
Your good look will overshadow everything.
New books just arrive at the store.
Wanna take a look?
I heard this time Mr. Miao
changed his usual style
and tried a suspense.
Yes.
Romance is not popular lately.
Everyone likes something exciting.
Then why not combine these two?
Following the trend will only attract attention for a moment.
With Mr. Miao's talent,
he can create his own style.
Isn't it better?
That makes sense.
Miaomiaosheng is good at writing romance.
If he can combine it into a detective one,
it must be refreshing.
You're absolutely right.
I'll tell Mr. Miao right away.
How about killing for love?
A young girl meets her loved one,
but she died in the mountain.
That sounds intriguing.
I think that's shameless.
Who is that?
Hui, it took me so long to find you.
What do you want, Mr. Sun?
I've sent invitation letters to your house every day.
But you always refuse me with the excuse of illness.
Then I'll have to find you myself.
See?
This is one-sided love.
Draw water with a seive.
Sis, you're not going to write that in the novel, are you?
Of course I won't write it.
But I just said something randomly,
and she thinks it's intriguing.
It's on the right track.
You're good at writing love novels,
but not good at homicide cases.
It'll work out.
Come on.